Founder and CEO 
Chuang Liu founded both the headquarter company and the US subsidiary. He has 23 years of project management and construction experiences in the construction and decoration industry. 

After graduating from Harbin Engineering University with a master's degree in civil engineering, he joined China Construction Corporation, China's largest state-owned construction company, in 1996 and worked for nearly 10 years. He has been an expert covering  all processes from design to construction completion. He has served as the chief executive and chief engineer of many large projects such as the construction project of Bayer Pharmaceuticals Beijing factory, Xinhua Life's headquarters building, Incredible Building, and Scientific Research Building of Chinese Academy of Sciences project.  

Mr. Chuang Liu founded his own construction company in Beijing in 2005 based on the core values of teamwork, integrity and commitment. He holds  the belief to provide valuable services to clients and build partnerships in the community. His insistence on quality of service, hard work, and responsiveness to client needs build up the company credo and has led to its success in a competitive industry. The company’s ability to address changing conditions and demands, find and serve diverse markets has resulted in a rapid expansion of the company . In the following ten years, he completed numerous projects such as the third phase new construction projects in Huairou Park of the Chinese Academy of Sciences with a total construction area of nearly 10 square meters; The new office building project of Beijing Medical Device Inspection Center with a total construction area of nearly 20,000 square meters ; The comprehensive renovation project of Kexu Community of the Chinese Academy of Sciences with a total construction area of nearly 40,000 square meters, as well as several upgrading and renovation projects such as the construction project of Shangri-La Park in beijing happy valley.  

Mr. Chuang Liu’s professional level and many years of practical project experiences have won him a good reputation in the construction industry.  Mr. Liu Chuang has the qualification of a professional first-class construction engineer in China and the qualification of a member of the China Bid Evaluation Expert Committee.